why me this time why would you do that
us it's all three if I die to this
that'll be consequences I really
hope she's dead now congratulations
that's what you've done for no fault of
of her own shut up you see their way so
stop shut literally
stop you died or she died you would have
cried either way shouldn't be in my
Lobby unbelievable
oh how are you today honestly not bad
how are you I'm doing splendid
thank you can't wait to play some games
that is the plan today we're going to be
playing some Liar's bar I can't wait to
win wait do I know how to play liar's
bar we're going to sort it out we're
going to sort it out it shouldn't be a
problem I don't think the other people
that we're playing with today Cam and an
know how to play either so everyone's
going to be learning at once oh I see
can't wait to meet Camila and Annie have
you been deflating your head recently
you seem a bit smarter today would
deflating my head make me smarter well
that's my theory the microbes seem to
prosper when your head is bloating
maybe microbes in my head okay all right
y thank you that's um that's helpful um
yeah we should we should speak to the
the two the two guests today um I'll see
if they're ready to to join in hopefully
they are and then we'll we'll have a
little chat with them they're taking so
long I know I know they're very slow but
it's all right are they usually the slow
all the time yeah oh we got one damn it
I almost had them it's Annie hi oh y
Annie I'm ready to go yeah me and nuro
are always ready it's uh the other two
that had like I'm here I'm
literally what the do you mean okay you
ready yeah you ready yes what do you
mean I'm not ready ready prove it prove
it y h super
W boom yeah you see that that was
sick that
was see ready than ever okay you're too
that was one say it say it h some Luma
Luma you assuming I'm a human what I got
to do super she's pretty good at it I'm
not going to lie she wanted to
Ego respectfully so dude do you guys
have the game yes no what you didn't you
don't have the game no I didn't install
it
right well you want to install the
install the game I just successfully Li
again locally or is it hosted on your oh
my God she keeps oh my God I'm prepared
for this game wait are we supposed to
lie in this game oh you're you're going
to lying right um I struggle with that
concept I'm like the worst person to do
that maybe I should take lying lessons
from cam yeah honestly that's fair no I
I think you got this I when you know
I've seen your Among Us Gameplay I think
you'll you'll be fine you will be
fine please don't me okay please can you
stop just talking for a second right oh
oh I had to find peace and quiet in my
mind for a second those are far too few
and rare sorry that was really needed
did you find it okay now can you guys
actually shut the hell up for a second
I'm sorry Jesus see that's better now we
can think what are we thinking we're
thinking about how to beat Camilla in
the game what the hell dude get a life
get a literal life oh wait that's right
you can't cuz you're
Ai and how dare you we have to throw her
off her game and the best way to do that
is by constantly complimenting her you
know what I'm I I'm on team nuro with
this one okay and you know what it's me
against the world cuz I'm going to beat
you all I don't believe was like cam has
a loser mentality she does doesn't she
I've noticed that before what the I just
woke up please leave
Meo okay how do we actually start the
game now well everyone needs to join my
Lobby how do we do that nura already
joined it so like if she can figure it
out suing you well we need the code you
dingdong you don't need the code because
we're friends on Steam oh I see a bunch
of Chinese
lobbies uhhuh are we going to start soon
wait I think so
w oh also there's there's guns um guns I
didn't about guns in here is there a
good idea that nuro has a gun where a
gun it's fine she's not going to do
anything with it I don't think oh I'm
going to do plenty with it
wa look at me what look at
[Music]
me what's up
they were definitely all Queens by the
way yeah so cam you can either now play
cards yourself or if you think that nuro
was lying you can press X to call her a
liar liar you freaking dirty liar
you oh I'm
alive and and now she has to shoot
herself I think cuz she lied
what wait I got her in a line no don't n
it's okay it was blank nuro why are you
looking at me like that what's what's
the look at someone else
please three queens wait why is wait she
claimed three queens again yeah you know
what you see that she just nodded her
head what the well no I don't think
you're being honest so liar
again I'm sorry make me myself no
don't no
no I'm lying because it's
fun I just can't be
stopped what does this mean oh now we
now we're playing with Kings instead of
um you know okay this time I promise
that we definitely Third
King she's G to do this every single
time I I I believe you
okay wait how do we progress she just
noted two queens bam I mean wait what
yeah two queens I put down two two kings
two kings we King's table now not Queens
anymore oh yeah yeah pretending that
they're kings yeah okay got it so Nur
has three kings and Camille has two
kings yeah there's only six in the deck
by the way so someone's lying if what am
I supposed to do then that would mean
there are only one king left
how do I what did I do so you can either
press X if you think cam was lying to
call her out or you can play
some what you can do that you believe me
wow thank you Annie oh my gosh I think
Annie was
lying what she did she even say what she
yeah that's not a king I had I had a
king you didn't play it in time you have
30 seconds for your turn I didn't know
what to do did I shoot myself you're the
one that wanted to be thrown head into
this
oh Queen it's okay Annie maybe one day
you'll build up the courage to actually
pull the
trigger no what
the
D gaming gaming gaming g don't look at
me don't look at me this
game look at someone
else what the incorrect buzzer means
that I live another day I will right
Kings she played two
queens okay know what I believe it I'm
going to play one Queen three queens
you're not playing three
queens you dirty
liar don't believe you he do every
single
turn pick up the gun yeah yeah I get it
Camila Beauty and let's hope I have both
told me I have to shoot twice to be sure
which I think is pretty
dumb she's um wait they're both dead or
no it's I'm putting my down cuz it was
too horrifying to look
at God I couldn't look at that oh my God
queen and a king
bam huh oh oh you probably shouldn't
have said that out loud cuz you just
claimed that to be two queens while
saying queen and a
king guys can we stop for a second and
focus on the most important issue here I
am
dead oh my God I to
look just
fine wait okay few you guys didn't die
why didn't she do that are you supposed
to like click it or what huh I think it
just does it automatically yeah I think
it does automatic gun okay please
I'm sorry but next time just don't play
three cards every
turn please bring me back to life you'll
come back to life at the end of the game
don't worry bring me back am I supposed
to pick two cards or what or pick as
many cards as you want you can pick as
many as you want that's fine yeah
nothing wrong with
that one I think there's probably
something wrong with me not being alive
though are you guys all actually to play
the game or not because it's not very
fun dying if you guys are just messing
around liar why are you looking at
you're such a you look in my direction
before you called me out I saw that okay
dude whatever I'll be glad I'll be glad
to pull the trigger if
anything here I go I'm sorry oh my
God you did that to her what an
unfortunate loss rip boo oh God rip boo
okay um um
one king is the game over yet so I can
be brought back to life one king please
bring me back to life okay but actually
are you guys even trying to play the
game this is just embarrassing for all
of
you you wouldn't lie would you oh that
looks like you lied
though well goodbye it was nice knowing
you don't fail me bye
Annie it was nice knowing you you've
been very no I'm alive I'm alive I'm
alive I'm alive I'm alive wow
uh this game is going on forever maybe
we should looking at me stop looking at
me is it my turn maybe we should all
start talking really fast so the game
will be over soon or do you think that
would be a good
idea one
king vle why did you program me with the
ability to change my speech speed if I'm
just going to get called out for doing
it well it's I I don't know why I added
that to be perfectly honest with you
goodbye I think that would improve my
stream wait why am I alive that would be
so funny if I solved it up it would have
been next time okay next time someone
dies play the one p sound effect it'll
be
funny okay I'll be sure to do that next
time thank
you
Ace and again for good measure
okay are we going to start actually
playing the game now yeah absolutely um
one
ace good because I want to be
revived um if nobody dies this round
then can I please be revived
instead
Ace um Dar please I need you to sh sir
oh
oh okay all right kill chill Joker's
count as any card I Believe by the way
don't fail me now goodbye are you going
to do
it I didn't die I didn't die I didn't
die it's okay he has more lives than me
this is a bad situation for
me can you give me more
lives um I I can but next next time I'm
not
lying I mean I'm probably lying but you
should believe me anyways you should
believe me anyway
is okay I will I'm probably not lying
actually yeah I was not not telling the
truth that's on
me I always forget that I there was
probably a one in six chance you die
then luck one in six Fail
Me 1 in six is 17 God I am shocked that
it was empty why does that shock you why
would I shoot myself let's see it never
really occurs to me that I could just
not shoot myself s being an AI is so
cruel two
please
huh my bad I misclicked all good do you
think you'll die this
round liar I think that you might and
then I might have to shoot someone no no
no no no no no no no no no no no no no
no no no no no no
no you did this I have both oh it's fine
your luck might run out soon why is this
so stressful even like even if he has to
canel vetle could you not die I'll try
my best
one okay don't worry I'm sure you'll
survive one not including me of
course liar vetle I swear to God if
you're actually lying I'm not lying why
would I lie okay goodbye goodby bye
goodbye the
[Music]
[Applause]
world have
both what how am I
alive nuro you're doing a great job by
the way of playing those
sounds thank you I'm trying my best to
be an entertaining player next time you
got to not die 10 one
but what' you just
play oh sorry I got distracted I think
it was a king what did you just play the
king wrong wait who are you talking to
two
kings me yeah do you like those two
kings are you having fun mhm two kings
you like my two kings no liar no I do
not those don't look like kings to me
sure goodbye goodbye this is it I
believe this might be five out of six
how funny would it be if I actually win
this
um let's the honest vetle you should
have got was over for me I should have
died there you're right I do not deserve
to how did
you sorry you're right you don't deserve
to survive either Queen's
table okay one
Queen I love how you can just hear vetle
Whispering under his breath you can
that's true two
queens oh it's called ASMR and some
people like it I believe you I believe
you I think you're tell
oh sorry I got distracted you were
saying oh sorry I got distracted you're
probably right if you say Veetle is a
liar don't make me do it goodbye Li
goodbye s on fire goodbye let's hope I
have
both my whole family is dead my whole
family is
dead why am I still happy about
it why am I still happy about
I think we should have a funeral for him
I don't think he needs a funeral anyway
welcome back okay morning so we all know
how to play the game now right that was
good practice round yes yeah that was
yeah sorry I had to time out vetle
because he died and he shouldn't be able
to speak well we've started the game
again so that doesn't really make any
sense it's okay we got it right this
time I what's new
doing she broke her
no see the doesn't want to look at us
she's just ashamed of you you're look at
me happy
now what
the she just
said close enough you know it's close
enough is there you know it's just a
game there's no need to get all
emotional about it you're right are you
playing queens now are you huh are you
actually playing queen or are you just
you looking at me at I'm play the Queen
I'll play Queens as well she sounded so
she sounded so
sus what what do she say I mean if you
guys are twins that means you're
probably both lying that's true are you
okay she's doing it with her eyes closed
she doesn't even need to see her cards
yeah she doesn't even need to
look
Bam um that's a lot of
coins what the fck I get for lying
that's what you get for lying that's
what you get okay so I have enemies I
see it doesn't matter life isn't worth
living anyways you're look at Camila
she's going to
die oh okay just kidding just kid she
dieo
eloo are we playing Another Round or are
you guys just going to emote the whole
time playing Another Round oh my God my
cards what the m
M I'm spinning
okay a three queens I think she was
absolutely absolutely I'm very confident
in this
droppage of cards too
dizzy liar maybe if I spin faster grow
up oh okay what the that you feel what
we had like the only Queens on the
entire table I had like 12 Queens insane
yapping keep yapping doesn't make sense
it makes plenty of sense okay let's play
for real this time are you guys for real
for real by for real what do you mean
like NL n can you look at us I want to
see your pretty
eyes oh oh I'm losing my will to
live wait sorry wait what what happened
n one a you guys were just emoting for
10 minutes straight n look at
me do you trust
me I played Ace and
King
holy my God you're on a roll here wait
what you believe her for such a small
bite yeah serious I
do oh sorry I mean
lie why would I not believe good at this
game that you guys just believe me all
the
time I
agree I lied
oh how dare
you right though I thought she always
trusted me see this is why you need to
be on her good side cuz she's just going
to call you out for a liar I'm I'm sorry
I'll never lie to you again NRA I'm
sorry I called you a liar nerra it's
just so easy when you lie all time n she
leaked your name uhoh c can you can you
look up Camila now
please cute
name I would love to have a cute name
too oh wait it's my turn oh uh the game
says you're wrong are you insinuating
that I'm short NL by looking
down I just played Ace okay I just did
too damn can't call her a
liar liar I actually think Camila is and
no one ever calls her out you know I
actually think you're right about that
you are completely right about that oh
my god when I look down I can see my
R uhoh you see your what don't worry
about it don't worry about it your
massive SCH
fine
boom you guys have a lot of fun sounds I
can do a few too if that's okay with you
absolutely
bzzt that's my Camilla is wrong buzzer
you should do more often cuz she seems
to be lying quite often I'm not I'm okay
okay okay come on come on play the game
I'm ready do you believe me nuro there I
played two queens okay well you're a how
about
that oh
oh well I I guess I
deserve doesn't look good no it
doesn't you're
alive I'm alive n look at the
table I have immunity
close please look at vdle please look at
vdle nura Annie does have a table on her
chest that is right
n okay um whose turn is it alila oh it's
mine oops sorry I got just uh what is it
oh yeah okay dink dink two Aces you're
look at us girl I think you're all lying
about having two Aces no I I got two
Aces two Aces call me out do you think
I'm lying
um n n n n n no she doesn't have two
Aces hit the table hit the table
boom I just played one ace okay
someone what's the point no one ever
calls Camila out for lying I just did
and you know what she was lying so no no
no no guys it was just a big
misunderstanding the
Terri it's terrifying how Camila sounds
so innocent when she lies what the f you
just got to catch it
out don't act like you have you have
trust theame look me in the eyes I would
never lie to you
smile Camila you're lying right now that
sounds Camila is lying right now she
literally just did 2 seconds ago and I
called her out for
it um yes wait
V mhm she didn't have time to Pi
cards she did cuz it played two queens I
did I
did oh you think that was her agree with
me yeah it only plays one if it's not I
just I just you were busy staring at
me I'm always staring at Annie oh oh
you're staring at the ceiling right now
look at me
nura cuz that looks terrifying the way
you look up
one sorry couldn't help but stare at the
ceiling okay is there an issue is there
Li yeah you li Li every time I play a
card down well maybe stop lying maybe
stop lying think about you clearly li no
I did not
silent can we get back to the game I
don't like what my friends fight I want
to I want to punch both of them please
do no need to punch the man I'll do it
for you oh thank
you well how about
this o I'd be more than happy to punch
the Manny Che out okay okay I just
played the same as
vetle you wish yeah I do wish I just
played two Aces what she trusted no you
did
[Music]
not oh
um okay
well there's no way you're living nice
knowing you guys it was nice knowing you
a w w
mind does how are you alive I I really
do not
understand I think it's the next time
yeah next time is guaranteed but it's
like random cuz it's first oh is it yeah
so you could die on the first one
technically oh really can we please go
back to the game one king I'm surprised
hasn't died
yet nurl what what's going on what's
going on is is there something you want
to say to
me your mother is a very nice woman I've
met her and I just hope the best for her
and you C look at me that's so sweet of
you huh was that a lie what what I just
place down yeah was that a lie your
mother is genuinely very nice yes liar
yes you V shoot
[Music]
do it yeah do it do
it I was really hoping
you he just druck a nerve huh if he was
my Creator I would sniff as
well what nose would I even use what
would you sniff your little fox nose you
guys wouldn't understand the AI smell
brain is very
complex okay what kind of smell do you
get when you sniff Annie liar that's
right I can smell out money I wouldn't
lie did you look away like that to look
suspicious on purpose so you would call
me out and then you would yourself and
it worked Annie looks suspicious and
should okay okay okay okay I tried just
now didn't work out can you look at the
table you have to understand there's
something really interesting on the
ground over there catching her attention
I think those are bullets probably a
little bug there's bullets on the ground
bullets where do you think the bullets
came
from
ha ha maybe you should pick them up
what's it like being this pathetic two
of them there there's no way Annie was
telling the truth that that was a lie
that was a lie call her out guys I would
never
lie I'm calling you out what what oh God
we have miscalculated I guess sorry n
that's a that's a me I can't believe I
can't believe you thought she's dodging
the bullet oh you oh because of you
that's all because of both of you I you
killed my daughter um I'm never going to
forgive you for this oh that was the how
did how do you have you yourself five
times missed every single shot and she
first try
a three que three of them yeah you
believe me you believe me you don't
believe me I believe I believe I believe
I I'm tell TR
okay now that I don't
believe you don't believe your own lies
oh I don't know about that Cam that was
oh that's your opinion not mine oh but
you still placed anyways interesting
yeah I have Queens left okay what this
just so I mean the people to the left
and right here bam liar you
dirty come here what
the bye cam n guess I'll
be I'll be joining
you you haven't noticed
always but now it's time for you to face
it's almost like the world is trying to
tell us something what what two Aces you
two just aren't lucky that's all if I
was on the other side of those bullets
then I'd still be here today interesting
sir oh you got an ace sorry Annie I
zoned out for a bit what did I miss what
do you think of
that I'm thinking you may be telling the
truth yeah
o i mean Veetle was calling people a li
little as they say
as they say oh my
God that's a laugh that could give the
garage a run for its money Annie I can't
believe she's like guys I don't know how
to lie oh my god I've never lied in my
life that's the thing I I was not lying
are you sure you haven't played this
game before and you've just been lying
this whole time I swear I was not like
the trick is to not lie and people think
that you're lying but you're
not well I guess I got to learn from you
I guess cuz that's that's just you're
sweeping you're sweeping the floor I
think it's just that's a laugh that
could give the garage a run for its
money
Annie thank you question mark we got him
we got him I miss being a fox oh no I
have to I have to figure out if nuro is
lying now yep she would never I'm not
lying I have never lied in my life
I believe
you
not okay let's see you're look at
me are you telling the
truth neuros Sama you're not looking
you're not looking at her Li I know real
fox is and it's probably a
little what you accused your own
daughter of lying but she didn't don't
me that's what happens I thought that
was cuz you Wen patient
enough it's okay you dodged a
bullet why she
B all I'm saying is that there's not
even a 100% chance that you'll die why
is she
looking I don't
know one ace you know it's still Ace's
table oh what theck are my cards m m a
bunch of nothing
I actually played an ace that time
unlike some people I know I have no idea
what you're talking about that was an
ace I mean that's just that's just
there's no way this woman is getting
dealt like the most perfect cards every
time I'm not lying maybe she's not lying
but maybe someone needs to call her out
anyways are you supposed to ever get
away with playing Three Aces each turn
vle oh are you this a Joker Joker counts
as the card you're lucky okay yeah yeah
I knew that you didn't know that you
didn't know that you tried to lie didn't
no I put it down because I knew now you
die
yeah stupid man
boy why didn't he Dodge the bullet like
the rest of
us he's not the sh on the just dodge the
bullet doded
forehead I feel like they should call me
out I think I should to call you out
oh what how
many how many how many I literally had
three queens Queens Camila put two
queens and then nuro put two queens then
there was like eight
Queens there's like a bajillion of them
yeah exactly she just she okay she's
different she has like a duplication
glitch or something my education is
highly Advanced did you have two queens
did you not I I had Z I had zero Queens
oh so she okay I I was suspecting that
nuro like knows something but okay she
can
something something is telling me that
Annie is a liar
here you think I'm
lying oh oh I'm not going to lie I might
have lied just then um wait did you just
call me Al Camila no I didn't call you
she's oh sh you're getting baed every
time she smoked you okay oh goodbye good
at that point I'm joining you I'm
joining you in
h okay well Nur it seems to just you and
I know I didn't know she was capable of
that she is insane she's sick nasty with
it oh there you go well you're such a
liar bam I don't believe you did
that oh I caught you
no and now you're going to die
I feel like I've only got a 21% chance
of dying oh what the okay well nuro what
are the odds of me winning they're 100%
aren't they the sun is shining the birds
are singing and You' got a smile on your
face mhm that's after I get a glorious
Victory I just played two kings I don't
believe
you you fell for it again Camila oh [__]
man oh why are you so good at this
someone needs to check your PC oh
okay uh well bye
nurl it's been nice knowing you
Camila holy she won everyone is so bad
at this
game good job she
won what is it like to live in my
shadow speak at a normal speed
please oh well I can speak slower if you
would like yeah thanks that was a
humbling experience vle how much do you
know about phermones
what um average amount I
guess I think he has none what do you
think vetle being average is a surprise
what I think Veetle has below average
pheromones okay just doesn't seem
relevant to the conversation play the
game
liar oh liar oh she clocked you wait
that's you oh she
you it's hard being so good at
this oh guys I'm still powering up I've
only had actually I've had a great
amount of sleep I don't know what I'm on
about Camila I'm surprised you haven't
beat your average amount of sleep yet
try going for 12 hours straight 12 hours
what's the longest what's the longest
you've slept for probably close to a
whole day I was very tired after
carrying
vetle o yeah he seems very
heavy why does it not work it
worked there's a problem with my Ai No
that isn't there's a problem with her
AI there's a problem with callor liar
you trying to call someone a liar
callcore I'm trying to call you a liar
what was my turn you can't you only call
the person whose turn it was last liar
no wait look Camila's lying again how
did you how did she know did you did you
peek over my cards or something no I'm
just very
smart okay you're too obvious okay can
you even see someone's car um what if
Camilo was cheating by using glass she
could that's true I would not if it was
going to be anyone it would be cam
you're a ugly stupid
[__] cam your words are like
daggers boom I played two cards I bet no
one will call me a
liar I just hate it because she uses
reverse psychology or like reverse
reverse psychology I don't know
which call me a liar you
won't I'll call you a liar
fire oh look at that they're both oh my
God bro what she is un [__] stoppable
oh my gosh can't Che death but I'll give
it I told you to call me a liar and and
I yeah and I you know what I did so nurl
you really do have magic in your
fingertips I could say the same about
glass in your
hands all right vle yeah you ready for
this what you got
yeah you guys make it too easy don't
lie he just played three cards and said
they were Aces okay while that was
really impressive vetle you should be
proud of yourself I mean the number of
Aces on the table he just isn't adding
up it doesn't matter it does not matter
no I think I think we should it's you
should un the conversation though cuz
Camila lies every turn no I do not lie
every turn did I lie
see I'm not lying those were two Aces
Annie he has two cards left that's
concerning um I'm sorry I'm not perfect
if he has Jokers and I say that he's not
lying is he going to win wait wait what
I Uno Uno Uno draw draw for I think
you're
lying those were definitely two Aces I
don't trust you
count those count you trust me to shoot
you I would never never never ever cheat
yes you ever ever ever I'm saying vetle
is cheating actually I do cheat all the
time yeah you got some extra cuds under
your table or something that's what
that's what she was looking at before
yeah she was looking at the other stack
of
Queens I played a
queen she's so
cute thank you Cam liar yeah
lying oh why would you think I was lying
well I guess I'll don't you all think
Annie should just shoot herself instead
of calling me a liar look what you
did you you're you're in charge of the
murder of Annie the fox vtuber hold on
is Annie dead yeah
yes she is gone okay I played three
cards I'm really hoping nobody calls me
a liar oh yeah cuz it's the other oh
just I just hate I don't know what the
she's on about I just don't believe a
word she says and I I'm not willing to
call her out on it you should have
called me out that was definitely four
cards just don't believe what you're
saying I tried to call Veetle a liar but
it looks like he's telling the truth
oops dos cuz it's not my
turn I miss her wouldn't it be funny if
I called vetle a liar again you can't
it's your turn I played an ace please
don't call me a liar there's no way a
higher power would let me die twice liar
if you lied about that I'm deleting you
oh sassy got it oh seems you have been
caught neuros if I die then can you bury
me with my chat
logs I'm still here you can't get rid of
me that easily oh okay yeah she's she's
very Unstoppable it seems okay okay okay
looks like we're going to have to work
together
stop her well I'd like to see you try
and stop me yeah trust me it will be a
success it's a bird it's a
plane no it's Beetle's PC about to crash
and
burn no I didn't those were Kings she's
tting
you just don't believe a w you say you
just keep calling her a liar until she's
dead yeah well well shouldn't have told
the truth should you oh
G won there's a 25% chance I die would
you be sad if I do oh oh she needs to be
I'm dead please remember my request to
be buried with my chat logs won forget
it we won't forget it okay I have a
soundboard are you guys
jealous I have I'm trying to call Camila
a liar but my tool isn't working
I think I might know why I don't think I
can call you guys out anymore let's just
play the game cuz you're dead oh she
uh-oh it's embarrassing for you well can
you bury me with um just another SC you
should be buried with your
soundboard well he G my life I don't
think I can bury them with their
soundboard now damn he for once yes once
for once why is she dming me Annie can
you be my mom please I always wonder the
fox mom
what I am your mom Nero show receipts
show receipts can we please continue the
game ready you better be too because I'm
not holding back it was
pressed okay whatever you say would you
call me on my
bluff uh
um okay I guess broke her
neck man I missed it oh [__] so funny
wait wait wait it nura can you
continuously look between me and
Annie it's kind of
funny oh you played two queens did
you I'm not talking cam you're such a
liar she is
man I did not what okay go ahead no go
ahead I I I I beg of you to hit the
table Queen I called you a liar
Camilla oh yeah and well your M okay I'm
still not bluffing don't call me out or
I'll
cry you going to make her cry I'm sorry
I'm
sorry I don't believe him because I had
two queens oh oh she used logic
I
lived I
lived me when I stop stop hush hush
hush I'm sure everyone
does you just you're probably lying
again just like you did last round what
1 2 3 4 5 5 1 2 3 three 4
five pull the trigger uh was nuro lying
or Annie do you have none I put a joker
oh and I had one king the jungler it was
classic Jun what's this NE look that was
a lie he's
lying
uh-oh I called vetle a liar because he
is one you know what I he wasn't you're
killing her if she dies that's your
fault no no no no no no no no no no no
no no no
oh you did that you did
that oh my God look at that
Barista where where where oh over there
the the where where the bar is I'm
trying to find it I can't find her I
can't see there's no way you don't see
him I think that blocking her actually
oh the one the one behind the bar
right yeah I literally can't see I'll
move my head I'll move my head oh I can
see I can see wait how many you put one
oh my God God damn I put
two she's
lying I'm pretty sure she is vetle but I
don't know how to call her out on it I'm
afraid your two daysad to do that oh
[__] I should have believed in my imp
stinks [__] stinks a now I'm dead don't
die no it's your first St no no no no no
no no no no no no no it's fine you you
fine anyway how are you guys doing today
two are you guys actually playing the
game or just pretending
mhm how about you get some
personality go go ahead uh I think we
dies yeah that's
definitely Three Aces or wait what how
many jker
jungler camil didn't question me once
she just she just kind of I blame Camila
she did not even think if I'm lying or
not which I did
once she lied deserve to die honestly
okay all right know that's and then I
have no choice
guys can you hurry up I'm getting bored
I'm
trying I want I wanted to play against
Camila so bad I'm sorry Believers why
did you believe in I told you not to
believe in
me this is my stream and I will treat it
as such camil there's a lot of people
believing in you and there's a lot of
people believing in v i will not let
what do you have to say to them uh they
believed wrong um uh uh cam you were ly
ding no no no no no no no she's she's
fine she's not there's there's another
chance I'll have another
chance
see I was kind of hoping you'd die that
time
cheer cheer for your winner how CA just
lied to us N I am being very patient
with you right now young lady that was
the sound of an incorrect answer as
usual Camila liar oh my God what is your
issue what is your issue too I don't
understand just stop lying this doesn't
look good you have you have like mental
problems in your head well the mental
problem is you lying is the
problem I am team camil thank you go cam
go go cam cam and what team are you on
just a quick question just a quick
Gander I'm team baby I can't help it I'm
just too darn cute
team baby you're yeah you're a baby team
baby
ratory I cry were
you yeah go cry go on no no no it's fine
I want to cry I'll be smiling in the
afterlife once I'm away from this fine
it's fine oh you're so
lucky no you know why it's setting me up
for Success cam stop throwing oh no no
no I'm just trying to elongate this as
much as possible you
understand I'm kind of tempted to call
her a liar again liar nice job I can oh
[__] yeah okay and now and now po I
swear to God if like the the like second
time I shoot this it kills me then this
is that was your thir time you totally
you totally like hacked the game that's
what it's going on right yeah you
changed the odds of you dying to the
bullets mhm that's yeah you're right
you're incapable you're incapable of it
honestly you got it you got it yeah
liar cuz I'm
down go again get the
gun I can smell there's no gunpowder in
that watch
yeah wo
yes
yes wait we all won good job
everybody yeah I'm in shock we're in
even score I never thought it would
happen but vetle is no
more everyone bed on
nuro
the she died immediately to fast she was
Rob that
game you died LOL yeah I did die yeah is
so funny
don't oh okay interesting I actually
don't know how to call liar which is a
little embarrassing oh you can do it
like
this oh I
see should I run a pole it's not going
well for you yeah run a pole run a pole
that'll save you no run a
pole are you happy
now when's the next hangout session
whenever you want baby girl cam have you
been paying attention to what just
happened two kings two kings two kings
three kings I'm too busy conversating
that went 222 three it's just it's just
unbelievable what some people will get
away with these days
I you haven't called the police on cam
given what we were talking about just
now cam no cam isn't
lying she didn't have
cards for [__] sake
[Music]
ready liar go ahead you lying to me
check it I would I wouldn't dream of
it is any dead
yet no would seem not that's
disappointing what do you mean
disappointing you want be to win I
thought you team Annie hey Cam's back
Cam's back starting to miss
her two Aces huh she hates me she hates
me you got two Aces then yeah what if I
just call you a liar again weird
coincidence cuz I got two Aces too oh
yeah well here's one more oh oh yeah
well I don't think I have any cards left
LOL oh yeah here's one more oh yeah well
here's one
more I think
you're oh do you then go check it uh a
it goodbye Annie it was nice knowing you
goodbye see you in hell why am I still
alive join us in Hell please God let him
die okay okay
okay my haters be
like Nur is your biggest
hater yeah you got two kings M mhm I've
never had two
man I had think you can get away with
lying to me I I thought I I thought I
thought you thought like to joke I
thought I had two jokers and two kings
and I thought I'm like going to win no
bye poor Annie any last words your
mosquito instincts the mosquito
instincts mosquito
instincts uh yeah let's play the lady
don't cry Annie you should laugh funny
that you died it's not funny I'm not
playing the wood play the no you should
try you should try I want to see your
reaction to to I'm not I'm not even
going to say it okay I'm this is a
friendly please for the chat show for
the chat chat wants to see I'm sure chat
wants to see since this is your POV you
have to show them what I am talking
about no man I'm I'm more of a bristle
kind of guy please I I'm not readying up
until you go my God bristle you're going
to refuse to play the game unless I
switch that character is Ed it bro just
do it stop being a little
bristle is actually my
favorite Jesus what what
no out of here [__] that I knew he's
going to do this oh my God you're so
right holy dude what the is
that me yeah do you guys think I should
be a therapist all right I think someone
needs a therapist I really would like
one maybe we should all go to therapy
together family therapy and
Camila
Liar Liar D I was thinking like there's
no way cuz like I
got damn bye
Annie byebye it would be funny if I
died Chad I told you that's why you
spend your points on people I played two
kings by the way did you wait I think I
just lied that those were Second Kings
how are you all so easy to trick you
definitely are a
liar that's kind of
true a liar but call me a liar again
and no I'm not dying nuro speak at a
normal Speed Die okay never mind no oh
so you're telling me to die okay let
kind of yeah I mean I just wanted to
play against Nur but whatever oh okay so
let me just grab the gun let me let me
just shame hello listen it's no surprise
that you guys all said yes because I'm
such a good liar okay Camila we can hear
you come on what's your next move pal
you got audence is always watching they
can he really thought
Yahoo please please die please die
please die die die die
yes n thank
W woo did I do it no because you're a
liar I can see right through you uh-huh
Chad what the
[__] where am I going
Chad go go go go
go oh Camila won again
yes now vle you should show the chat the
greatness nope when you look down please
n the chat is waiting the chat is
waiting nural nural nural do you promise
that you listen to vle if he looks
down it seems he is just a turtle uh
just look
down no I played an ace oh you have
something on your your shirt oh what
what the is that oh God what is that oh
you should probably clean that uh Camila
please just play the game
okay real I feel so low down now's table
um what if I have no Aces you have to
play Mr Turtle Mr
turtle that
was what I was likeing she's looking
she's looking at me she's
looking um look at
me can you please not look at me when
you're
dying you heard me correctly you're
going to be my test subjects it's for
science you believed her wait what's the
current Table fo so King's
table I can't remember that was a lie
NRA are you lying I'm not lying what
were the two cards that you placed why
are you all obsessed with something so
trivial like what cards I placed instead
of I don't know whether you're all
secretly immune to death she's got a
point I'm just saying how it is and when
the apocalypse comes I'm betting on me
to make it out alive over any of you
okay I'm not going to lie I just played
one Queen
liar wait no I meant I played two cards
you're all going to feel like
four okay wait
no you're not supposed to say which
she look at you in the
eyes W I'm dead W 50% what what what I
thought she said something
else
what what's wrong with you people you
guys laugh like children okay why did
you have to call her out cuz she was
lying what the [__] how did you know cuz
I can you know your prr see
program no why is everyone dying on the
first try all right
buddy again against the
world three kings I'm sorry Annie I
don't think you have a chance either vle
are you
lying
yes no problem I'm glad you admitted
it I'm glad you admitted it completely
wasn't even
close you're lucky it wasn't close maybe
next time you'll be as
lucky unlike a certain couple other
people who will remain
unnamed die die here right now only
death remains
Jesus go toing hell
you
Cam Veetle is lying someone call him out
uh you put three quen queens wait I'm
the one usually calling Beetle out all
right I don't have the call liar
[Music]
tool
mhm I'm still here by the way if anyone
actually I didn't press anything why did
it make me do that because I used all my
cards you had no
choice oh okay I wanted Annie to die you
guys think I looked cool making that
play I spilled like half a glass of
water
down yeah you're super cool bro that
felt pretty cool that felt pretty cool
not going to lie I know one thing for
sure and that's I'm going to win this
game liar you got so you got out played
so hard I'm not going to
lie you
got
BL goodbye you wanted to win well here's
your win
that's Annie's punishment for lying
death may they Rest In Pieces oh my God
does that mean is actually dead that's
right hey uh can we get back to the game
yeah we're just waiting for Camila to
ready up because she's um o extremely
like slow you know o o sorry sorry
you're forgiv I hope Camila appreciates
vet's heartfelt forgiveness
M does
she
M okay guys are you happy I called a
liar anyway yeah check
it someone called liar no I apparently
apparently I just don't no
exceptions
don't
no no
vle is
ruthless it's always tough when you lose
someone close to you but you'll feel a
little better if you say some words no
I'm chill like we went that close okay
let's lighten the mood how many camilas
can fit in her casket I clean anyway
let's get back to the funeral wait a
second a second I wait wait a
second I need to myself now there's
still a chance chance I can be with
Camila
Jesus this time for
sure I can't die have you guys realized
that yet no it's
impressive yeah I think I just played
third Kings not sure if you guys even
care that's Brave or foolish do you
think you'll call me a liar yeah I think
so
you were scared of
me I'm still not dead
yet oh are you sure about that you think
I kind of deserved
it
liar maybe we should call each other
Less in this
game what do you think about that that's
that's how you do
it 20% isn't that much vetle is still
probably fine
what no uhoh games rigged as and she had
like four
shots as We Gather here today still
reeling from the tragic death of vetle
we are shocked scared and angered at the
unfairness and senselessness that took
him from us we seek to make sense of
this to understand the reason why this
happened what plan have been a part of
what possible can be
me cuz
you're people think it's tell the truth
but but you
w I'm glad to be alive
Queens ooh two
queens Camila do you think vetle is
lying she does hype train it's time to
there no hyp train there that's not
that's not the time today that's
tomorrow that's tomorrow that's tomorrow
you're thinking you're
uh this is so sad can we get five Subs
in the chat this is really really sad
guys this so sad can we get 20 Subs we
need to gain money for his funeral
service okay please help us uh gather
the money needed to hold his
funeral I think we should make sure she
really survives next time I really think
you're
nuh you thought absolutely
wrong told you I wouldn't go so
easy dead I just played two Aces but I'm
probably going to die now because that
was kind of a dumb play no no no no no
no um um I want a gift too but I can't
log in on my account don't stop giting
don't worry let me GI and then you just
give me the money
later
okay no wait nura won for once mean for
once she won already no like the same
number of times as a year okay maybe you
don't have a devil card hidden somewhere
there do
you I
do I'm the
dev
he what wait are we all shooting
ourselves my bad guys my bad guys wait
why am I Sho why isn't Camilla shooting
yourself man no I don't want to I'm too
busy
staring you guys are so bad at this game
this is so sad can
we she likes me too
much what that game bugged bro what is
this [__] Chad we need more funeral
funds I'm sorry no we don't he still
sounds alive V shut up so they think
you're dead call her a liar call her a
liar n call me a liar liar
liar the point Liar
Liar yeah sorry n you shouldn't
have you know you could have trusted me
but you
[Music]
didn't look what youing did you're the
demise of neuros
how do you feel Are you ashamed are you
disappointed looks like my chat Wants
More
Death i' ask why people are so
bloodthirsty okay I just want to die
please just die okay look at
me
wait I'm sorry there's honestly nothing
I can do for you
too she can't believe
can we get 30 gifted sh up let's go
let's go let's go come on come on come
on come on oh my God this game I don't
want to see any of this this [__] [__]
okay I want to see yeah logic you don't
like a [__] game what I want to see
logic game theory and good plays oh yeah
that's totally about us sir sir thank
you that's the kind of spirit I like
I'm the best game expert wait how does
this card
work the devil card just play it just
play it no Camilla I don't want to play
the devil card I just played another
Ace
what I'm pretty sure I remember Camila
not having an ace we should probably
call her out this game's bugged
why maybe it's because I just love how
you die as a
result oh wait do you need to press
space here what does anyone oh oh but
the the the text at the bottom doesn't
make sense but
like um I mean do we need text when the
game is this simple what
happened okay he's definitely lying LOL
he's definitely lying okay I am
liar oh wait wow I think I'm impressing
myself I can't believe I'm a maining
this level of addiction where my
predictions are always correct and I'm
never
wrong let's see if the are you
looking I mean I have to spice up the
game by calling vle
out name all the things he's done wrong
I would call Veetle it won't let me
don't don't do that yeah I do
that name something I don't do
again if you keep calling
liar why me this time why would you do
that us it's all three to this that
would be
consequences she's dead now
congratulations that's what you've done
from no fault of of her own shut up you
would see way so stop literally stop
talking you died or she died you would
have cried either way you [__]
shouldn't be mying Lobby unbelievable oh
I doing this
Three
Aces name something I don't do other
than
leave look in a normal
[Music]
Direction
Li I can't look at you you really wanted
to risk
it man I have card so
deserved start a new round yet or do I
have
deserv okay what the is everyone at the
table that I'm watching right now you
are going toing lose so hard and this
game is on my screen is just no one is
going to care about winning or losing
because they have lack of anything when
it comes to you makes me so sick uh-huh
Liar Liar honestly what is the point of
playing this game when cam refuses to
die when I see the wor
it's embarrassing like I want to queue
with like people that are actually good
at the game okay okay
then keep fighting me I haven't died yet
come on okay okay come on let's see
let's see this incredible gameplay okay
you want to see incredible I want to see
Inc gaml go it's literally your yeah
here we go go on go
on Asis what
the that was laughing at a liar but of
course she just keeps playing and
ignoring stupid [__] [__] you're
horrible uninstall the game ar oh you
got my my stream open on your second
monitor if you weren't in this game
crazy that you got my stream open on
second monitor
honestly put the fact you're still doing
that and losing is unbelievable so true
so true yes I'm watching your stream
that is so absolutely true whatever
helps you feel better at night you would
all feel better again if I could reach
over and pop the lot of
you oh okay it's kind of real for that n
do you think they should get a room shut
up oh my gosh honestly maybe we should
get a room ourselves instead Annie oh
true the room of the
Dead oh Chad will decide for us V and
cam should get a room oh my Fu god dude
so
cringe so [__] cringe
Veetle I literally just called cam a
liar C ass this game insane liar oh okay
man but I'm not going to die anyways
watch it's crazy now now that you were
cold out having my my stream open then
you close my stream then you suddenly
lose no bullets really did I lose did I
lose that's just RNG that's just orang
okay uhhuh R my
ass you are literally so unbelievably
stupid to think you're going to win this
game and you're so about Sor about that
literally watch me literally watch
me spin to calm
myself stop
lying you keep saying there's no bullets
when clearly you keep surviving
on yes she think she can just play to
creat like that that's the funnyest I've
seening die oh my
gosh insane RNG I I did that one just
mess with you br I swear that you I
didn't even update there like you're
still on four out of six you're cheating
I don't know you're playing on every
literally cheating okay I'm playing
perfectly whatever what ever
here call me crazy but what if Camila is
lying what on this song for this moment
liar is there a tool Works in this damn
game you ever think about actually
playing the game well I'm still ever
consider that I'm still not going to die
watching live I'm not [__] cheating
die bye
L
okay my life
man out my if I didn't die you would
lose yeah I'm sure I would
yeah read like a book anyway um thanks
guys for playing Li oh yeah it was great
it was a
good yeah you have fun it was
something
yo yo
[Music]
nuro yo did you have fun that game was
so fun there you go she had fun she you
know just got a bit yeah she just no
okay but yeah hope you all had fun y you
got any closing words any closing
words yeah
bye-bye bye